Ziyang is something else.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Usually, but then like the new ones, they haven't been that good.
Like... Yeah, the new empire. Yeah, Hollow Earth movie.
Oh, I guess... I guess... Yeah.
but there are too many too many kongs.
Yeah. The beacon. The big kong. It is
Yeah...
Yeah... No, it was the hollow earth of ape.
And then there's only one Godzilla. Did you have like a bunch of Godzilla?
But then that wouldn't really make sense. There's only like even like it's either like
Oh yeah...
Frozen Godzilla? Which one?...  Oh no, that's that's shimo
Shimo. Shimo.
No, it's she.
No! It's the, It's the Ice Monster. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I guess, kind of. Okay, it's not. But then it...
What?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, kind of. But it's not Oompa Lu, it's Oompa Loompa.
Oompa Loompa. But then, the real, the proper name for it
no the proper name is axolotl axolotl
Axolotl. It's the Oompa Loompa. Oompa Loompa is Axolotl.
No, it is...No. No, it is American, American name.
Oompa Loompa. Yeah. Like that's like their actual name.
No. Axolotl is a... is the... Oompa Loompa is Japanese name.
Yeah, but then Axolotl is... Yeah, that's what I mean.
so anyway so
Yeah. By the way, so Godzilla. Yeah.
No.I don't know, that's like, they said that's like from the, that's where the...
All those tights tights, all those buttons.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All of their people. They, they would probably live in there.
Yeah.
Yeah, but then the Muto always gets destroyed.
Really?
Oh, the Mothra? the Mothra? Yeah, Mothra, Mothra I like that. That was like the, the...
The Mothra... That is...
Yeah. So, yeah. Battra... Battra...
It sounds like batter. But anyway, so Battra is the evil Mothra.
Yeah. Evil. Yeah.
Well, at the end, but then, like, at first, they were fighting each other.
Yeah.
No. They don't have those. Only the... Only the...
Yeah yeah yeah and then like the Battra
but like a evil monster that some people created or something.
And... No, no, no, they didn't create it. What?
Well, it was just evil, I guess. Maybe it was like an enemy of Mothra?
But like... What?
I don't know, but it's but it's.. No, but it's still evil. I think they attack things and stuff.
so anyway but that...
Yeah. Eventually, but that's because Godzilla came out.
Yeah, but then Battra died.
But I think Mothra didn't didn't die in that movie. No.
The Battra, yeah. Battra. Battra. Battra, Battra.
No. Battra. Battra. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, at least thrown into the ocean or something. But anyway...
Depends, but then... a... Yeah.
The original, it's the original.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like I...
Yeah, I'm at...
Yeah.
But then yeah. So, but then like the Shin Godzilla
Shin Godzilla, actually, I've noticed in the Godzilla movies that the Godzilla
Those with more personality are the ones that fight other monsters.
Did you know that? Like, like Shin Godzilla for a better one thing.
It's just like going around destroying things, right? Yeah, but then it hasn't spawned any new ones.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
destroy destroy yeah but then like i like that i like that that's why i like it
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Well, because it was like... Yeah
I guess. That's what he does. And he goes like yeah, opens his mouth and he goes...
swoosh... like that...
Yeah.... Yeah... Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The back.
Yeah. Like... like...
Back. Yeah,  yeah. That was that that was cool too.
But he also tried from his tail.
Yeah.
Then... and then like. But then like. What was your favorite part about that?